Registry doc: updating Kafka output and few other cosmetics (#1311)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/event-registry.md

    metadata:
      name: gcp-pubsub-knative-testing-trigger
      namespace: default
    spec:
      broker: dev
      filter:
        sourceAndType:
          source: //pubsub.googleapis.com/knative/topics/testing
      subscriber:
        ref:
         apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1alpha1
         kind: Service
         name: gcp-pubsub-knative-testing-service
    ```
    
    Note that events won't be able to be consumed by this Trigger's subscriber until the Broker becomes ready.

## Populating the registry

Now that we know how to discover events using the registry and how we can leverage that information to subscribe to 
events of interest, let's move on to the next topic: How do we actually populate the registry in the first place? 

- Manual Registration

    In order to populate the registry, a cluster configurator can manually register the EventTypes. 
    This means that the configurator can simply apply EventTypes yaml files, just as with any other Kubernetes resource:

    `kubectl apply -f <event_type.yaml>`

- Automatic Registration

    As Manual Registration might be tedious and error-prone, we also support automatic registration of EventTypes. 

>     Herein, the creation of the EventTypes is done upon instantiation of an Event Source. 

Reviewer: What does "upon instantiation" of an Event Source mean? Is that just when an Event Source is installed (kubectle apply)?

Author: yes, that is correct!

>     Herein, the creation of the EventTypes is done upon instantiation of an Event Source. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The creation of the EventTypes is done upon instantiation of an Event Source. 
```

Author: Done, thanks!

    spec:
      consumerGroup: knative-group
      bootstrapServers: my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka:9092
      topics: knative-demo,news
      sink:
        apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1
        kind: Broker
        name: default       
    ```
    
    If you are interested in more information regarding configuration options of a KafkaSource, please refer to the 
    [KafKaSource example](https://github.com/knative/eventing-sources/tree/master/contrib/kafka/samples).
    
    For this discussion, the relevant information from the yaml above are the `sink` and the `topics`. 
    We observe that the `sink` is of kind `Broker`. We currently only support automatic creation of EventTypes for Sources 
    instances that point to Brokers.
    Regarding `topics`, this is what we use to generate the EventTypes `source` field, which is equal to the CloudEvent 
    source attribute. 

    When you `kubectl apply` this yaml, the KafkaSource `kafka-source-sample` will be instantiated,
    and two EventTypes will be added to the registry (as there are two topics). You can see that in the registry 
    example output from the previous sections.  
        
## What's next

> We suggest the reader to experiment in her own cluster with different Event Sources. The following 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, install Knative Eventing if you haven't yet, and try experimenting with different Event Sources in your Knative cluster.
```

Author: Done thanks!

> links might help to get you started. 

Reviewer: Line 257 -- delete.

Author: Done, thanks!

1. [Installing Knative](./install/README.md) in case you haven't already done so.

> 1. [Getting started with eventing](./eventing) in case you haven't read it. 

Reviewer: "Getting started with eventing" is a broken link.

Author: Changed it to ./README.md, thanks!
